background           = default		default
frame                = white		default
window_title         = white		default
directory            = blue 		default	bold
selected_directory   = white		red		bold
playlist             = white		default	bold
selected_playlist    = white		default	bold
file                 = white		default
selected_file        = white		red bold
marked_file          = red			default	bold
marked_selected_file = white		red 	bold
info                 = blue			default	bold
status               = white		default
title                = white		default	bold
state                = white		default	bold
current_time         = white		default	bold
time_left            = white		default	bold
total_time           = white		default	bold
time_total_frames    = white		default
sound_parameters     = white		default	bold
legend               = white		default
disabled             = blue			default	bold
enabled              = white		default	bold
empty_mixer_bar      = white		default
filled_mixer_bar     = black		red
empty_time_bar       = white		default
filled_time_bar      = black		red
entry                = white		default
entry_title          = black		red
error                = red			default	bold
message              = green		default	bold
plist_time           = white		default	bold